[REG-1394] Add docs about Validations page (#46)
Regression-Games/RegressionDocs: docs/studios/platform_features/validations.mdx

---
sidebar_label: 'Validations'
---

# Validations

Validations are used to assert the state of your bots at a point in time. You can think of them as tests that can be run to

> ensure that your bots behaving as you expect. Beyond functioning as tests, validations can be used to locate tricky errors,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensure that your bots are behaving as you expect. Beyond functioning as tests, validations can be used to locate tricky errors,
```

> ensure that your bots behaving as you expect. Beyond functioning as tests, validations can be used to locate tricky errors,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensure that your bots behaving as you expect. Beyond functioning as tests, validations can be used to locate tricky errors
```

> and to fine tune your game's balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and to fine-tune your game's balance.
```

To get started with validations, check out our docs for both [C#](https://docs.regression.gg/studios/unity/unity-sdk/creating-bots/csharp/validation-bots) and [JavaScript](https://docs.regression.gg/studios/unity/unity-sdk/creating-bots/javascript/validation-bots) bots.

![Validations Page](./validations_imgs/validations_page.png)

## Viewing Validations

> On the Validations Page you can see all the bot instances for a particular bot. Each instance can be expanded to show

Reviewer: Was awkward reading "each" back-to-back

```suggestion
On the Validations Page you can see all the bot instances for a particular bot. An instance can be expanded to show
```

> each individual validation asserted during the course of the bot's lifetime. Validations can be filtered by passed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each individual validation asserted during the course of that bot instance's lifetime. Validations can be filtered by passed,
```

failed, and warning results. By default, all validations will be shown regardless of result.

> If you select an individual validation, on the right side you can view both a screenshot and the game state at the time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select an individual validation to view both a screenshot and the game state at the time
```
